Now that I have a model that can at least drive
the car a little bit, I'd like to try a more powerful network
architecture.
To start, I'm going to return to my old friend LeNet.
The original LeNet architecture takes a 32 by 32 by 1 image.
And here, we have a 160 by 320 by 3 image.
But one nice thing about convolutional networks
is that they'll work with a wide range of input image sizes.
Now that I've implemented the LeNet architecture,
I'm curious to see how training goes.
Since this is a much more powerful network architecture,
I'll train over five epochs.
The loss continues decreasing, pretty much through all five epochs,
although only slightly.
Let's see how well this model drives the car.
This is great.
It feels like a real driver.
It needs improvement, but I finally
think I'm making progress.